Hello dear friends
Nice to see you back again today
I want to show you how to get one
beautiful blood red sunset with
can paint my technique
you only need my basic colors
and of course my brushes with those you
conjure up the great effects quite simply
could be my motive now
her with Dietmann's painting technique easy
By the way, if you can do more, you can do that
then want to learn about my technique
you will find detailed instructions
my dvd landscapes in the light a lot
fun first, I wear this
shining lukas red in the upper
half of the frame with my wide
shallow brush on the red should be full
come along and the white primer
cover the frame well
then I brush the bottom
half of the wedge frame smit cadmium yellow
red and yellow I merge in the
middle to a bright orange tone and
I mix a little white one so
the transition between the two colors
merges
now I stand with different
blends of green and brown tones the
Group of trees on the horizon with the narrow one
flat brushes emerge differently
Big tree groups as the silhouette of the
delimiting horizon from the sky
with the lines cia i draw the trunks
the trees that stand in the foreground
the crowns of the trees piece like me with
a mixture of color green and ocher
on the branches of the stems of the brush becomes
increased obliquely so the effect succeeds
best with the lines especially since I the
branches of the trees again after
then I stuff it with yellow and white
the light side of the leaves
so that the uferböschung further forward
I am getting more books in
paint yellow with orange or with green
I always pay attention to that too
a light side with bright shades
topped up
only then can I get the necessary
plasticity in my picture
in the middle and left in my motifs
arise further trees for the first time
again with the line ornamental the stems and
branches on it then I stop with
a strong dark brown tone the
shadow color of the treetops with the
ground color i stuff the leaves
do not stand in the light
then comes the bright light color
now the light is reflected on the
scroll
It creates a beautiful shimmering
light effect in the background piece for me
still some treetops with bright and
dark red that makes this area
Lively and brings deeper into the picture
the water surface of the lake in
foreground of my picture reflects the
blood red sunset therefore
I use the same red as here
i mix in the middle of the sky
yellow in the red primary colors thus arises
the reflection of the sun
which, however, are not accurate now
it must be enough if the water surface
with the same hues of the sky
was painted
the reflections of the trees on the
Water is created by blending
the dark brown ground color I interpret
the tree you silva only and renounce
on details then I pull the
bright reflections with the broad
flat brush over the primary color when
Blend I prefer the flat brush
across the surface
This creates a blurry
silhouette of the river bank now times
I still the meadow and the bushes in the
foreground of my picture that brings
even more plasticity and depth in the
motive for the first time with the dark reason
was the form of the wiesn on it
come then with green the grass scrub
and some bushes and the pieces like me
with the fan brush on the gives
beautiful grass and foliage effects the
light reflections on the blades of grass
I level with a bright mixture of
tarnow green and white directly on the
primary color the sun disappears behind
the trees and is no longer visible
a light wind sweeps over the c
That is why the water surface is
not completely smooth
These gentle wave movements work
I in the mirroring with a
with titan white and my cat tongues
brush, I prefer the zigzag course as
streak from top to bottom
This creates a glittering light effect
on the water
then jumps the necessary image depth
the front of the background from the trend
I'm almost done now but still
not quite
a few changes and details
are painted after or supplemented first
when I am satisfied I put that
brush to the side
I always advise you the picture after one
to revise the day
with a little distance you can see the mistakes
very well and can one or the other
improve detail and with acrylic paint and
my brushes are all right anyway
just if you know more about my technique
you want to know the under
www eckmann - times technik.de do
There you will also find the template for
this picture and now I wish you
have fun imitating
until next time